PetroFactory Services Terms of Use
Effective as of April 2, 2019

Thank you for your interest in and use of our products and services, and the content contained therein (the "Services"). Pandora ("Pandora", "we", "us", or "our") provides these Services to you ("you" or "your"), subject to the terms contained in this Pandora Services Terms of Use (this "Agreement"). This Agreement is a binding legal agreement between you and the applicable Pandora Entity depending upon the country of your residence. Please read the terms and conditions of this Agreement carefully before using our Services. The Services and all data, design, text, images, graphics, including all arrangements thereof, contained therein are proprietary, confidential, and are licensed to you under this Agreement, not sold to you. By accessing or otherwise using any portion of the Services, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If you are not willing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, you may not access or otherwise use any portion of the Services.

1.	Ability to Use the Services.
In order to accept this Agreement and to use the Services, you must be a resident of an Authorized Jurisdiction and be at least 18 years of age, or if you have parental consent, at least 15 years of age in Australia or 13 years of age in all other Authorized Jurisdictions ("Minimum Age"). The Services are not intended for users under the Minimum Age. You hereby affirmatively represent that (a) you are at least the Minimum Age in the applicable Authorized Jurisdiction; (b) you have the consent of your parent(s) to use the Services if you are under 18 years of age; (c) you have all the applicable rights and authority to grant Pandora the rights granted herein; and (d) you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you are not at least the Minimum Age, do not have parental consent, or you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may not use the Services.

2.	Privacy.
Pandora's privacy policy explains the data we collect, use, store, and process while you use and access our Services. By using our Services, you have read, understood, and agree to the terms of our privacy policy, and you agree that we may use such data in accordance with the terms of our privacy policy. If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact our Listener Support team.

3.	Compliance with Policies.
While using the Services, you agree that you will comply with all posted policies, including our Community and Content Policy and Intellectual Property Policy, as we may update from time to time. We may suspend or stop providing you with access to the Services if you fail to comply with our posted policies.

4.	Additional Terms and Conditions.
Some of the Services we offer may require additional terms and conditions. We will make those additional terms and conditions available to you with the relevant Services. If you use those Services, the terms and conditions that apply will become part of this Agreement between you and us.

5.	Changes in Terms.
We may modify this Agreement from time to time. If we make material changes to the Agreement, we will notify you by email or through a message posted on the Services. You agree that such modified Agreement will be effective thirty (30) days after our notice to you, except for changes that relate to new features or for legal reasons, which will become effective immediately. Your continued use of the Services after our provision of notice to you will constitute your affirmative acceptance to the modified Agreement. If you do not agree to, or cannot comply with, the Agreement as amended, you must stop using the Services.